well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
something and i want y'all to stick with
me
um i don't know how this is going to sit
with everybody who
normally watches this channel but just
hear me out
because we are in a situation in the
united states
where there's a group of people that are
stretched pretty thin that they've
they've hit their limit and we've got to
figure out a way
to kind of relieve some of the burden
that's on them
we have to figure a way to help law
enforcement
you know and i think the easiest way to
do this is to acknowledge the fact that
they're asked to do
just way too much i i think that's the
best
way to look at it we ask them to handle
a whole bunch of situations and a lot of
them they don't really need to be
handling they could be handled better by
somebody else
so maybe that's what we should do we're
talking about taking all sorts of other
stuff away from them
why don't we take away some of their
responsibilities
make it easier for them to do their job
i think most people in the united states
would say we want law enforcement
focused on the important stuff
you know the stuff that actually has
somebody that's negatively impacted
so let's start there
if there's an infraction and there isn't
a person
other than the person involved that's
negatively impacted
we can remove that from law
enforcement's purview
something like truancy i mean think
about it there's no reason for a cop to
be involved in that
not really it's just the way we've
always done it
we could probably do it better in a
different way
i would suggest that counselors social
workers probably do a better job at that
no reason for a cop to be involved in
that
think about the homeless calls they have
to deal with
most times again social workers
counselors
people who could refer them to programs
they need it would be helpful if they
had
housing programs and jobs programs could
reform to get
any uh any assistance they might need
we can't ask cops to handle everything
we don't want a nanny state right
think about petty possession of
substances
a small change in the legislation that's
not even a crime anymore
it gets handled by counselors and since
there's no risk
of getting like matching bracelets
it's probably not going to be any
resistance to it
would make sense and we can allow law
enforcement to be more effective
by focusing on the situations that we
really need them for
and i know it's the u.s so
the big question is going to be well how
are you going to pay for this
and it's simple we're asking law
enforcement to do less
so we can take some of their funding put
it towards these other programs
one might say you could defund them
if you liked what i was saying up until
that point you support that
presented in this way because president
obama
said the slogan wasn't very good he's a
smart guy so sure why not give it a shot
i don't think it matters to be
completely honest i don't think anybody
really misunderstands this if they
looked into it
i think either they were manipulated
or they just don't understand how the
government works
and i know people get mad about that no
i understand i'm a patriot
sure you are then why are you worried
about what federal politicians say about
this your local cops are funded at the
local level
but it's mostly federal politicians out
there riling people up about this
grand standing on it because they can
because they don't have to do anything
about it they can talk about it and use
it as an emotional issue to manipulate
people
but at the end of the day they don't
really control the purse strings
they can't be held accountable for it
small changes in the way we do things
reduces the burden on law enforcement
and helps the police
and also removes them from situations
in which they probably shouldn't be
involved in and given the culture in law
enforcement right now
it would be safer for everybody if they
weren't involved in it
this is a this is one of those things
that
there's no reason to oppose it it makes
complete sense
opposing this is
just a show of being manipulated
why would you not want the most
effective people dealing with something
why would you not want to put funding
where it would do the most
good
i don't think the slogan matters because
those who oppose it
never really looked into the policy to
begin with
but maybe that helped somebody
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day